[5.11.0] - Fixed Configuring Identity Analytics Doc Issues (#2922)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/configuring-identity-analytics.md

A taxi company called "Pickup" has launched a new application to be used by their customers. The Pickup developers wish to measure the performance of the authentication mechanism used for users to log into the application so that they can improve the user login experience. 

> To do this, the developers need to view authentication statistics about the login attempts to the application. This tutorial demonstrates how the Pickup developers can setup WSO2 IS Analytics to view login attempts to the Pickup application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, the developers need to view authentication statistics about the login attempts to the application. This tutorial demonstrates how the Pickup developers can set up WSO2 IS Analytics to view login attempts to the Pickup application.
```

## Enable analytics
Follow the steps below to configure WSO2 Identity Server Analytics.

1.	Open the `deployment.toml` file found in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf` folder and enable the following event publishers to enable analytics in WSO2 Identity Server. 
 
    ``` toml
    [identity_mgt.analytics_login_data_publisher]
    enable=true
    ```

    ```toml
    [identity_mgt.analytics_session_data_publisher] 
    enable=true
    ```

2.  An HTTP connection is used to communicate between WSO2 IS and WSO2
    IS Analytics. Therefore, you must add the certificate of WSO2 IS Analytics to WSO2 IS.
    Follow the steps given below to import the certificate from WSO2 IS Analytics
    to WSO2 IS. Import the
    `           public certificate          ` of each keystore to the
    `           client­-truststore.jks          ` of the WSO2 IS. This example uses the default keystores and
    certificates.

    1.  Navigate to the
        `             <ISANALYTICS_HOME>/resources/security            `
        directory on a new terminal window and run the following
        command. The default keystore password is `wso2carbon`.

        ``` java

>         keytool -export -alias wso2carbon -keystore wso2carbon.jks -file sp.cer

Reviewer 2: Use the .pem as in this doc https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/learn/using-wso2-is-analytics-for-adaptive-authentication/

        ```

    2.  Navigate to the
        `             <IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security            `
        directory and run the following command.

        !!! info 
			Replace the `              <ISANALTICS_HOME>             ` placeholder
			in the command with the filepath location of your
			`              <ISANALYTICS_HOME>             ` folder.

        ``` java

>         keytool -import -alias certalias -file <ISANALYTICS_HOME>/resources/security/sp.cer -keystore client-truststore.jks -storepass wso2carbon

Author: change to .pem certificate

Let's create some basic authentication statistics. To do this, log in to the WSO2 IS dashboard. This login attempt will be published to WSO2 IS Analytics and you will be able to view the login attempt using the WSO2 IS Analytics dashboard. 

> 1. Log in to the [WSO2 Identity Server User Portal](https://localhost:9443/user-portal/) using admin/admin credentials. 

Author: keep user portal

> 1. Log in to the [WSO2 Identity Server My Account](https://localhost:9443/myaccount/) using admin/admin credentials. 

Reviewer 2: In 5.11, we use `User portal ` for `My Account`. Dont change it.
